remove redundant argument in frame fluid force function (#598)
ONSAS/ONSAS.m: docs/src/howtouse/creatingModels.md

 The `massMatType` field sets, for frame or truss elements, whether consistent or lumped mass matrix is used for the inertial term in dynamic analyses. The `massMatType` field should be set as a string variable: `'consistent'` or `'lumped'`,  and if it is not declared then by default the `'lumped'` mass matrix is set.

### `elements.elemTypeAero`

> If a frame aerodynamic analysis is desired, the  `elementTypeAero` field should contain a vector with: in the first three entries: three coordinates of the aerodynamic chord vector (the system of coordinates considered for this is the local reference system at the undeformed configuration), then in the fourth entry: the number of Gauss integration points $numGauss$ and in the fifth entry a boolean $computeAeroBool$ which indicates if the tangent matrix of the aerodynamic force vector is computed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a frame aerodynamic analysis is desired, the  `elementTypeAero` field should contain a vector with: in the first three entries: three coordinates of the aerodynamic chord vector (the system of coordinates considered for this is the local reference system at the undeformed configuration), then in the fourth entry: the number of Gauss integration points $numGauss$ and in the fifth entry a boolean $computeAeroBool$ which indicates if the aerodynamic stiffness matrix is computed:
```
